= Taiga REST API
:toc: left
:numbered:
:source-highlighter: pygments
:pygments-style: friendly

== General notes
include::general-notes.adoc[]


== Endpoints Summary

=== Auth
include::login/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Resolver
include::resolver/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Searches
include::searches/endpoints.adoc[]

=== User storage
include::user-storage/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Project templates
include::project-templates/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Projects
include::projects/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Memberships/Invitations
include::memberships/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Milestones
include::milestones/endpoints.adoc[]

=== User stories
include::user-stories/endpoints.adoc[]

=== User story status
include::user-story-statuses/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Points
include::points/endpoints.adoc[]

=== User story custom attribute
include::user-story-custom-attributes/endpoints.adoc[]

=== User story custom attributes values
include::user-story-custom-attributes-values/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Tasks
include::tasks/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Task status
include::task-statuses/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Task custom attribute
include::task-custom-attributes/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Task custom attributes values
include::task-custom-attributes-values/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Issues
include::issues/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Issue status
include::issue-statuses/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Issue types
include::issue-types/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Priorities
include::priorities/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Severities
include::severities/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Issue custom attribute
include::issue-custom-attributes/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Issue custom attributes values
include::issue-custom-attributes-values/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Wiki pages
include::wiki/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Wiki links
include::wikilinks/endpoints.adoc[]

=== History
include::history/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Users
include::users/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Notify policies
include::notify-policies/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Feedback
include::feedback/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Export/Import
include::export-import/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Webhooks
include::webhooks/endpoints.adoc[]


[[auth]]
== Auth
include::login/summary.adoc[]

[[resolver]]
== Resolver
include::resolver/summary.adoc[]

[[searches]]
== Searches
include::searches/summary.adoc[]

[[user-storage]]
== User storage
include::user-storage/summary.adoc[]

[[project-templates]]
== Project templates
include::project-templates/summary.adoc[]

[[projects]]
== Projects
include::projects/summary.adoc[]

[[memberships]]
== Memberships/Invitations
include::memberships/summary.adoc[]

[[milestones]]
== Milestones
include::milestones/summary.adoc[]

[[user-stories]]
== User stories
include::user-stories/summary.adoc[]

[[user-story-statuses]]
== User story status
include::user-story-statuses/summary.adoc[]

[[points]]
== Points
include::points/summary.adoc[]

[[user-story-custom-attributes]]
== User story custom attribute
include::user-story-custom-attributes/summary.adoc[]

[[user-story-custom-attributes-values]]
== User story custom attributes values
include::user-story-custom-attributes-values/summary.adoc[]

[[tasks]]
== Tasks
include::tasks/summary.adoc[]

[[task-statuses]]
== Task status
include::task-statuses/summary.adoc[]

[[task-custom-attributes]]
== Task custom attribute
include::task-custom-attributes/summary.adoc[]

[[task-custom-attributes-values]]
== Task custom attributes values
include::task-custom-attributes-values/summary.adoc[]

[[issues]]
== Issues
include::issues/summary.adoc[]

[[issue-statuses]]
== Issue status
include::issue-statuses/summary.adoc[]

[[issue-types]]
== Issue types
include::issue-types/summary.adoc[]

[[priorities]]
== Priorities
include::priorities/summary.adoc[]

[[severities]]
== Severities
include::severities/summary.adoc[]

[[issue-custom-attributes]]
== Issue custom attribute
include::issue-custom-attributes/summary.adoc[]

[[issue-custom-attributes-values]]
== Issue custom attributes values
include::issue-custom-attributes-values/summary.adoc[]

[[wiki]]
== Wiki pages
include::wiki/summary.adoc[]

[[wikilinks]]
== Wiki links
include::wikilinks/summary.adoc[]

[[history]]
== History
include::history/summary.adoc[]

[[users]]
== Users
include::users/summary.adoc[]

[[notify-policies]]
== Notify policies
include::notify-policies/summary.adoc[]

[[feedback]]
== Feedback
include::feedback/summary.adoc[]

[[export-import]]
== Export/Import
include::export-import/summary.adoc[]

[[webhooks]]
== Webhooks
include::webhooks/summary.adoc[]


== Objects Summary

[[object-attachment-detail]]
===  Attachment
include::attachments/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-user-detail]]
===  User detail
include::users/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-auth-user-detail]]
===  User authentication-detail
include::users/auth-detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-search-results-detail]]
===  Search results detail
include::searches/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-user-storage-detail]]
=== User storage data
include::user-storage/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-template-detail]]
== Project templates detail
include::project-templates/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-list-entry]]
===  Project list entry
include::projects/list-entry-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-detail]]
===  Project detail
include::projects/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-modules-detail]]
===  Project modules detail
include::projects/modules-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-stats-detail]]
===  Project stats detail
include::projects/stats-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-issue-stats-detail]]
===  Project issue stats detail
include::projects/issues-stats-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-issue-filters-data-detail]]
===  Project issue filters data detail
include::projects/issue-filters-data-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-tags-colors-detail]]
===  Project tag colors data detail
include::projects/tags-colors-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-voter-detail]]
===  Project voter detail
include::projects/voter-detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-project-template-detail]]
===  Project template detail
include::projects/template-detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-membership-detail]]
===  Membership detail
include::memberships/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-milestone-detail]]
===  Milestone detail
include::milestones/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-milestone-stats-detail]]
===  Milestone stats detail
include::milestones/stats-detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-userstory-detail]]
=== User story detail
include::user-stories/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-userstory-status-detail]]
=== User story status detail
include::user-story-statuses/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-point-detail]]
=== Point detail
include::points/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-userstory-custom-attribute-detail]]
=== User story custom attribute detail
include::user-story-custom-attributes/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-userstory-custom-attributes-values-detail]]
=== User story custom attributes values detail
include::user-story-custom-attributes-values/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-task-detail]]
=== Task detail
include::tasks/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-task-status-detail]]
=== Task status detail
include::task-statuses/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-task-custom-attribute-detail]]
=== Task custom attribute detail
include::task-custom-attributes/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-task-custom-attributes-values-detail]]
=== Task custom attributes values detail
include::task-custom-attributes-values/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-issue-detail]]
=== Issue detail
include::issues/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-issue-voters-detail]]
=== Issue voters detail
include::issues/voters-detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-issue-status-detail]]
=== Issue status detail
include::issue-statuses/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-issue-type-detail]]
=== Issue type detail
include::issue-types/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-priority-detail]]
=== Priority detail
include::priorities/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-severity-detail]]
=== Severity detail
include::severities/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-issue-custom-attribute-detail]]
=== Issue custom attribute detail
include::issue-custom-attributes/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-issue-custom-attributes-values-detail]]
=== Issue custom attributes values detail
include::issue-custom-attributes-values/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-wiki-detail]]
=== Wiki page
include::wiki/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-wiki-link-detail]]
=== Wiki link
include::wikilinks/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-history-entry-detail]]
=== History entry
include::history/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-notify-policy-detail]]
=== Notify policy
include::notify-policies/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-feedback-detail]]
=== Feedback
include::feedback/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-export-synch]]
=== Export detail for synch mode
include::export-import/detail-export-synch.adoc[]

[[object-export-accepted]]
=== Export accepted response
include::export-import/detail-export-accepted.adoc[]

[[object-import-accepted]]
=== Import accepted response
include::export-import/detail-import-accepted.adoc[]

[[object-webhook-detail]]
=== Webhook
include::webhooks/detail-response.adoc[]

[[object-webhook-log-detail]]
=== Webhook log
include::webhooks/log-detail-response.adoc[]

== Contrib plugins

Taiga allows adding features through contrib plugins, each plugin can add new
API endpoints, and has its own documentation.

Current supported contrib plugins that adding endpoints:

* taiga-contrib-slack: Slack integration
  (link:http://taigaio.github.io/taiga-contrib-slack/dist/index.html[documentation])
* taiga-contrib-hall: Hall.com integration
  (link:http://taigaio.github.io/taiga-contrib-hall/dist/index.html[documentation])
